okay I know I look a little crazy right
now but what i did is i set my hair and
pin curls and i just waited for them to
dry you can all day to the look with a
curling iron even a flat iron to do the
curls or hot rollers but the crews won't
be as tight and the hold won't be quite
as good so i do suggest pin curls and
actually sleeping them all night if you
can't otherwise just um don't put your
hair in pin curls as wet as you normally
would and i'm just use a touch of hair
gel or hair putty at the very ends of
the hair and wait for them to dry so
anyway let's go ahead and start by
taking the curls out
okay I'm ready to start brushing out the
curls I do have a sitter part which you
can leave that way but even when I part
my hair on the side I initially start
with my hair parted in the center the
reason why is because when I do
eventually part it on this side it
creates quite a bit of volume so first
I'm going to go ahead and just start
brushing out these curls very gently by
brushing out on the top layer first and
then once I start to do the curling
method of a curling it under then i'm
going to start brushing on underneath
there
just start from the ends up
and carefully work through
and then I just like to just take a
random section and start curling the
hair towards my face while brushing it
out just slightly
and then just in a winding motion start
to make the curl
and you're just going to continue to do
that and you're just going to do it
again and again and again until you have
the desired shape
do this all around your hair
and I try and leave the very front
sections up by my my face for last
because you don't want to damage their
curl too much or they start to come down
here too low when you want to keep the
curl up towards by your user or even
your eye level
I'm going to go ahead and before I'm
finished making the shape part my hair
on the side
and just pull it over and then blend it
in with the rest and the curls and use
the crowing brush to correct its shape
again
and the more you brush the hair the
longer your hair will be and not so um
tight curls so just keep that in mind
and that's why you want to mess with the
front section less in the back section
once you have your page boy style pretty
much the way you want it go ahead and
start working on your veins and what I
do with the clamp up I carefully put my
hair on the barrel of the hot iron and
then just push it the opposite direction
of the hair so that it creates lift and
then just pull that out and then I do it
a little further down just so it'll
it'll create a dip and really is that
and then at the very ends of the hair
just kind of
hot iron down so it'll create a curl
back into what you've created
and then I'm just going to brush that
out so there's a nice even shape
am i able to go back through there and
brush it out some more you do want the
back to hang lower than the side so just
keep that in mind
and there it is the 1940s page boy
hairstyle and it really is quite simple
you just have to have patience and
continually curl under and it does have
a tendency to stay really high up and
curl too much if you use too much hair
gel or hair putty so it's almost better
just to leave it in wet and let it dry
that way if you do use hair putty or
hair gel just use it at the very ends
and this will keep the the very inside
of the crow nice and tight but you
really don't need much of it through
here and it causes it to be sticky
anyway if you use hairspray use it as a
final touch because it causes the hair
to be hard to comb through if you use
hair stuff hairspray before that point
it's also great with any sort of flour
or hair accessory or even a comb to
bring up the curl
thank you for watching and until next
time this is aya
if your page boy hairstyle doesn't come
out right in the curls misshape and you
can still get good use out of the
hairstyle I suggest one of these nuts
it's a 1940 style hair net and you can
get them at local beauty salons or hair
accessory sections or you can order them
online via ebay or etsy com so what you
do is you just drape it behind your head
and kind of let your curls fall into it
and then just push up all your hair into
it
and you don't want it too far on your
hairline so make sure it's draping twins
in the back
I happen to really love these hair nets
or force nut because they're great with
victory rolls or any type of 40s
hairstyle and then all you do is just
pin it in place and trying to make sure
that and there you have it still a great
40s hairstyle but in just in case you
messed up a little it's an easy fix
you